# Frontend Mentor Challenge Solutions

A showcase of my front-end skills. This collection features my solutions to various Frontend Mentor challenges, each providing a real-life workflow experience. From designs, assets, and style requirements, I have honed my skills in building responsive and visually appealing websites. Explore my solutions and see the live demos.

## Homepage

Explore all my solutions here: [avisek.github.io/frontend-mentor-solutions](https://avisek.github.io/frontend-mentor-solutions/)

## Project structure and how it works

This is a monorepo that hosts all my Frontend Mentor solution source codes and their deployments.

- **`/homepage`**:
  The source code for the homepage is located in this directory.
  The dev server is configured to serve this directory as the base path (`/frontend-mentor-solutions/`).

- **`/solutions`**:
  The source codes of all my solutions are located in this directory.
  Each subdirectory in this directory is served as a subpath of the base path (`/frontend-mentor-solutions/xxx/`).

- **`/solutions.yaml`**:
  This file stores the declaration and data of all the solutions. During build and development this file is automatically converted and mounted as JSON at the path `/frontend-mentor-solutions/solutions.json`.

- **`/public`**:
  This directory has the common static files which are shared accross homepage and solution pages.

- **`/dist`**:
  This directory contains the production output, which is generated by running `pnpm build`.

## Local setup and usage

- **Clone the repository**:
  
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/avisek/frontend-mentor-solutions.git
  cd frontend-mentor-solutions
  ```

- **This project uses `pnpm` package manager. To install `pnpm`, run**:
  
  ```bash
  npm install -g pnpm
  ```

- **Install project dependencies**:
  
  ```bash
  pnpm i
  ```

- **Start the dev server**:
  
  ```bash
  pnpm dev
  ```

- **Access the Application**:
  
  Press <kbd>o</kbd> to open the application on your web browser or navigate to this url: [http://localhost:3368/frontend-mentor-solutions/](http://localhost:3368/frontend-mentor-solutions/)

- **Build the production package**:
  
  ```bash
  pnpm build
  ```

- **Build and preview with a static web server**:
  
  ```bash
  pnpm preview
  ```

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
